Jane: Hi, I’m Jane, I’m 19 and I live in South Florida. Where are you from?
User: <text input>

Question 1: What education has Jane already gained?

Options: 	a.primary 	 b.secondary (high school)		c. college

Jane: Nice! Is there anything you want to ask me?

q1: How big is your family?
	I live with my parents and I also have a lovely girl - Megan!

q2: What do you do in your free time?
	I like to go for walks with my little girl.

q3: Do you like learning?
	Yes! One day I want to become an accountant.

Answer: 
Jane has a child, so she had to drop out from the high school at the age of 16. In fact, only 50% of all teen mothers ever graduate high school.

Question 2: How likely is it that Jane will get a college degree?

Options: 	a.2%		b.45% 		c.92%

q1: Who are your parents?
	My mum is a shop assistant and my dad is a policeman.
q2: What is your favourite subject in high school? 
	I used to be great at maths! 
q3: What is your dream job?
	My dream is to become an accountant.

Answer:
Even though Jane is still dreaming about going to college, the reality is that only mere 2% of teen mothers earn a college degree by 30.

Question 3: What is Jane’s relationship with the father of the child?

Options:  a.We’re married	b.We broke up	c. I don’t know who the father is

q1: Do you have a boyfriend at the moment?
	No.
q2: Do your parents help you with caring after the child?
	I love my parents and I’m very grateful that they help me with everything they can.
q3: What family do you dream about?
	I want to have a caring husband and 2 kids.

Answer: Like the majority of teen mothers in US, Jane is raising her daughter on her own.
According to the US statistics, 80% of teen fathers don’t marry the mother of their child.

Jane’s story:
I got pregnant when I was 16. The father of the kid left me after hearing the news and I’ve never heard back from him. I had to drop out from the high school to take care of my child, but I am still dreaming about going to college some day and eventually becoming an accountant. However, statistics in US show that only 2 out of 100 teen mothers earn a college degree by the age of 30.
